chore (docs): improve AI SDK UI reference docs (#1805)
vercel/ai: content/docs/07-reference/ai-sdk-ui/02-use-completion.mdx

    },
    {
      name: 'id',
      type: 'string',
      description:
        'An unique identifier for the completion. If not provided, a random one will be generated. When provided, the `useCompletion` hook with the same `id` will have shared states across components. This is useful when you have multiple components showing the same chat stream',
    },
    {
      name: 'initialInput',
      type: 'string',
      description: 'An optional string for the initial prompt input.',
    },
    {
      name: 'initialCompletion',
      type: 'string',
      description: 'An optional string for the initial completion result.',
    },
    {
      name: 'onResponse',
      type: '(response: Response) => void',
      description:
        'An optional callback function that is called with the response from the API endpoint. Useful for throwing customized errors or logging.',
    },
    {
      name: 'onFinish',
      type: '(prompt: string, completion: string) => void',
      description:
        'An optional callback function that is called when the completion stream ends.',
    },
    {
      name: 'onError',
      type: '(error: Error) => void',
      description:

>         'An optional callback that will be called when the chat stream encounters an error',

Reviewer: nit: i know this is an annoying nit but some of the descriptions have periods but some don't! we should stay consistent across all the descriptions!

Author: Yes. I copied this mostly

>         'An optional callback that will be called when the chat stream encounters an error',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        'An optional callback that will be called when the chat stream encounters an error.',
```

    },
    {
      name: 'headers',
      type: 'Record<string, string> | Headers',
      description:
        'An optional object of headers to be passed to the API endpoint.',
    },
    {
      name: 'body',

>       type: 'any',

Reviewer: q: should this be typed using `{}` or `Object` or `Record` instead of `any`?

Author: will leave a comment once deployed

      description:
        'An optional, additional body object to be passed to the API endpoint.',
    },
    {
      name: 'credentials',
      type: "'omit' | 'same-origin' | 'include'",
      description:
        'An optional literal that sets the mode of credentials to be used on the request. Defaults to same-origin.',
    },
    {
      name: 'sendExtraMessageFields',
      type: 'boolean',
      description:
        "An optional boolean that determines whether to send extra fields you've added to `messages`. Defaults to `false` and only the `content` and `role` fields will be sent to the API endpoint.",
    },
    {
      name: 'streamMode',
      type: "'text' | 'stream-data'",
      optional: true,
      description:
        'An optional literal that sets the mode of the stream to be used. Defaults to `stream-data`. If set to `text`, the stream will be treated as a text stream.',
    },
  ]}
/>

> ### Returns

Reviewer: q: not blocking, i think for these reference pages, should we include the high level type that wraps these properties? e.g. for `useCompletion` = `UseCompletionHelpers`

Author: for `useChat` I've inlined it, might do the same here
